just because a keyword gets a lot of
traffic it doesn't mean it's worth going
after hey everyone i'm neil patel and
today i'm gonna break down how not every
keyword is worth pursuing in seo and why
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
going after keywords that are too
competitive is a waste of time
especially if you have a low domain
authority look if you're going after
keywords like credit cards in your brand
new site your chances of ranking are
slim to none but you're going to spend
all this time and effort and money to
try to get there and you're not going to
get the results anytime soon you're
better off going after keywords that can
provide quicker results and then once
you're getting some rankings you're
generating some traffic some revenue
then in the long run you can invest
after those harder terms that take
longer to rank for before i dive in with
the tactics i've got a quick stat for
you i get over nine million visitors a
month but less than 0.1 percent not one
percent i'm saying 0.1 percent of those
visitors ever become a customer high
volume keywords don't mean much to go
after if they don't have the correct
intent see google released an algorithm
update a while ago called rank break
rank brain is focused on finding out the
user intent and why people are searching
for something and what they're looking
for and they want to deliver the most
relevant results
it's not about going after keywords
anymore it's about serving the user
with their needs for example if someone
types in apple in google google knows if
they're looking for apple the computer
company or apple the food
so if you want to rank you need to solve
people's problems and not just stuff a
ton of keywords anymore so how do you
find out the right keywords to go after
well step one go to uber suggests
step two type in the keyword related to
your industry
step three you'll see a report that
loads on ubersuggest that just has you
know overview on the traffic and some
stats on the keyword in the left hand
navigation i want you to click on the
keyword ideas report and when you click
on the keyword ideas report you'll see a
button on the very right called keywords
i can rank for if you don't see it that
means you need to log in it's free to
log in
and once you log in you can put in your
domain name and when you put in your
domain name uber says will analyze your
site and show you then appropriate list
of keywords that you can target that you
actually have a shot of ranking for in
the shorter term time frame versus
waiting years to get rankings for
now filter them based on the intent of
what is relevant to your products or
services that you're selling
and what you'll find is ubersys will
break down if a keyword is easy to rank
for or hard to bring for ideally target
the ones that are the easiest to rank
for because it'll show a seo difficulty
score even though you have a list of all
the keywords that you can rank for pick
the ones that are not just the most
relevant to your business but pick the
ones that have the lowest seo difficulty
score that means you'll be able to get
the results faster
that's what i want you to start doing
now the next thing i want you to do is
actually go to the site audit report
within ubersuggest if you're starting
off with seo it's not all about traffic
it's all about ranking for the right
keywords that drive results in the short
run so that way you have more money to
invest in more long-term marketing
approaches
but what you'll find with seo is even if
you're going after low competitive
keywords in the short run you won't rank
if your site is not bind up
all those little things really matter
with the site audit report when you put
in your url it'll break down all the
errors what you need to fix what's the
most crucial what is more suggested and
isn't as crucial how fast your website's
loading load speed is a really important
factor because more people are browsing
your website or pretty much the internet
these days off of mobile devices than
they are on desktop devices so you
really need to go and make sure that you
button up all of those errors and what's
cool with the uber says site audit
report is it breaks down each and every
single error in priority what i mean by
that is the ones listed at the top show
you hey you need to fix these errors
first because they'll have the biggest
impact on your rankings and traffic and
then you second third fourth so just
knock them all down in order
the last thing i want you to do is go
create a project with an uber suggest so
go to your dashboard add a project put
in your url and put in the keywords that
you want to rank for
and that you're targeting see now that
you have your keywords now that you
figured out what topics you want to go
after now that you've optimized your
website you want to track your progress
and this report here will show your
rankings on both mobile and desktop
devices and it'll tell you your rankings
in multiple cities or countries this is
cool because you should see your
rankings climb you know at the beginning
maybe not week over week or day over day
but in the long run quarter of a quarter
you'll definitely see your rankings go
up and you know if you fast forward a
little bit you'll start seeing your
rankings go up
to page one and page two
so that's what i would do if i were you
and if you have any questions just leave
a comment below we're always here to
help if you just want my team to do all
of this for you check out my ad agency
np digital where we're here to help you
grow your traffic thank you for watching
make sure you subscribe to this channel
like the video share it tell the people
about it thank you very much